Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: Prove-It
Version: 0.3
Summary: General theorem prover in python.
Home-page: UNKNOWN
Author: Wayne Witzel, Kenneth Ruddinger, Mohan Sarover, Robert Carr
Author-email: wwitzel@sandia.gov
License: UNKNOWN
Description: Prove-It uses a powerful yet simple approach to theorem-proving.
        It is not designed with automation as the primary goal.  The primary goal is
        flexibility in order to be able to follow, ideally, any valid and complete
        (indivisible) chain of reasoning.  To that end, users can write additional
        Python scripts to make their own mathematical operations and LaTeX formatting
        rules.  Axioms are statements that are taken to be true without proof.  They
        can be added by the user at will in order to define their new mathematical
        objects and operations.  Users can also add theorems that are to be proven.
        Theorems may be proven in any order.  Theorem proofs are constructed in
        Jupyter notebooks (interactive Python sessions in a web browser).  These
        notebooks render LaTeX-formatted mathematical expressions inline.  Proofs
        are constructed by invoking axioms and other theorems and employing
        fundamental derivation steps (modus ponens, hypothetical reasoning,
        instantiation, generalization, or axiom elimination).  Axioms and theorems
        may be invoked indirectly via convenience methods or automation (methods
        that are automatically invoked when attempting to prove something or
        side-effects when something is proven).  Theorem proofs and their axiom/
        theorem dependencies are stored a kind of database (filesystem based).  This
        database is used to prevent circular logic.
        
Platform: any
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: License :: Other/Proprietary License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Mathematics
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: Unix
